README.md, before:

# multicast
Playground for IPv6 Payments Thoughts

FF1B:: will be the multicast header for bitcoin some day we hope. 

> Jake Jones:
> FF denotes multicast
> 0/1 (4 bits) denotes well-known or transient, respectively
> (0-F) (4 bits) denotes the scope which involves #of hops etc. E.g. 2 is for link-local, E is global, etc.

We need a way to start a communication channel about a particular topic. A payment between two or more parties for example.

```javascript
const bsv = require('openspv')

class MulticastAddress {
    constructor(id) {
        const bytes = 'ff1b' + bsv.Hash.sha512(
            Buffer.from(id))
            .slice(0,14)
            .toString('hex')
        this.ipv6 = bytes.split('').reduce((a, b) => {
            if (a?.[a?.length - 1].length < 4) a?.[a?.length - 1].push(b)
            else a.push([b])
            return a
        }, [[]]).map(x => x.join('')).join(':')
        return this
    }
}

new MulticastAddress('jake_deggen' + crypto.randomBytes(4).toString('hex'))

// { ipv6: 'ff1b:6719:7547:742b:6c78:2880:9a6d:0f98' }

```

Maybe something like this could be done for a paymail capability:

POST /api/multicast/open
```javascript
headers: {
   signature: 'b83380f6e1d09411ebf49afd1a95c738686bfb2b0fe2391134f4ae3d6d77b78a'
}

{
   from: 'dk@degggen.com',
   purpose: 'Paying you for a thing we spoke about',
}
```

Then the server could respond with the ip address to converse with hereon?

```javascript
const response = new MulticastAddress(JSON.stringify({
   from: 'dk@degggen.com',
   purpose: 'Paying you for a thing we spoke about',
}) + crypto.randomBytes(4).toString('hex'))

// ff1b:961d:82c2:d272:dfbe:2bcc:8ed5:b26b

```

Commit message:

docs: added link to RFC 4291 and a text diagram of multicast address format

README.md, after:

# multicast
Playground for IPv6 Payments Thoughts

FF1B:: will be the multicast header for bitcoin some day we hope.

> Jake Jones:
> From [RFC 4291](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4291)
>
> Multicast Address Format:

> |   8    |  4 |  4 |                  112 bits                   |
> +--------+----+----+---------------------------------------------+
> |11111111|flgs|scop|                  group ID                   |
> +--------+----+----+---------------------------------------------+
>    FF      0/1  0-F         Anything, including a hash output
>
> FF denotes multicast

> 0/1 (4 bits) denotes well-known or transient, respectively

> (0-F) (4 bits) denotes the scope which involves #of hops etc. E.g. 2 is for link-local, E is global, etc.

We need a way to start a communication channel about a particular topic. A payment between two or more parties for example.

```javascript
const bsv = require('openspv')

class MulticastAddress {
    constructor(id) {
        const bytes = 'ff1b' + bsv.Hash.sha512(
            Buffer.from(id))
            .slice(0,14)
            .toString('hex')
        this.ipv6 = bytes.split('').reduce((a, b) => {
            if (a?.[a?.length - 1].length < 4) a?.[a?.length - 1].push(b)
            else a.push([b])
            return a
        }, [[]]).map(x => x.join('')).join(':')
        return this
    }
}

new MulticastAddress('jake_deggen' + crypto.randomBytes(4).toString('hex'))

// { ipv6: 'ff1b:6719:7547:742b:6c78:2880:9a6d:0f98' }

```

Maybe something like this could be done for a paymail capability:

POST /api/multicast/open
```javascript
headers: {
   signature: 'b83380f6e1d09411ebf49afd1a95c738686bfb2b0fe2391134f4ae3d6d77b78a'
}

{
   from: 'dk@degggen.com',
   purpose: 'Paying you for a thing we spoke about',
}
```

Then the server could respond with the ip address to converse with hereon?

```javascript
const response = new MulticastAddress(JSON.stringify({
   from: 'dk@degggen.com',
   purpose: 'Paying you for a thing we spoke about',
}) + crypto.randomBytes(4).toString('hex'))

// ff1b:961d:82c2:d272:dfbe:2bcc:8ed5:b26b

```
